When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

I would create a remote repository when I want to collaborate or share my files
with others. 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Git may stay up-to-date at inopportune times. It seems to me that it is always
best to pull changes manually so you can control when those changes are synced.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you 
use one instead of another?

A fork is a copy of a github directory, a clone is a copy of a directory
anywhere not on github, and a branch is a change to existing code that you
don't want updated on the master branch yet. 

You would use a fork to make a copy of someone's code base that is on github, 
if you don't have permission to make a change to their code, or you don't want
to make a change to their code. You would use a clone to make a copy of code
located either on your machine, another person's machine, or another location
that is not github. You might want to do this because you're part of a team
and you need to make changes to some part of the codebase. You would create a 
branch for a demo or to see if that new code will work before incorporating it
into the main code base.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

The benefit is to have the most recent code base on the local computer to see
how any additions or deletions are affected.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Without Git or Github you would need to find another tool. I used to use one,
I think it was called CVS or something like that. It would be harder, because
when you're talking about thousands of lines of code it's difficult to locate
the one or two changes. Sometimes they are just bug fixes and searching would
take too much time.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making changes in a separate branch is a good way to see if those changes
work or not before committing them to the master branch. However, working
directly in the master branch makes checking in/out and merging less
cumbersome.